I started trying to implement contexts. I read the documentation at https://react.dev/reference/react/useContext and also asked chatGPT to try to help explain it to me. I think it's meant to give me to take commonly used data that is used in multiple components but allowing me to make it something a little more reusable. Most of my time was spent trying to also figure out where I needed to even try putting the useContext in and how to implement it. I'm not quite sure if I did it right and I know I didn't get a lot done in comparison to what class had. Most of my stuff still seems to be working so at least I didn't break anything, but I didn't get to do a lot of testing to see if the useContext was working.

An issue that I still have that I'm not really quite sure why it is happening is when I login. When I login, my login button and register button are still there, but if I refresh the page it then shows me logout. Vice verse, it shows logout after I logout, but if I refresh then it shows Login and Register. It doesn't seem to be a big thing in terms of functionality but it makes it seem like my page is "lagging" in a sense.

My biggest hurdle I think right now is trying to still understand many of the concepts because thre are so many things being entered in a single function. There are createContexts, useState, useEffect. I didn't get a whole lot of time to look into the documentation on those. I think useEffect runs an async function inside it, but I'm not sure what happens if you do not use it.